>>> YOUR HEARD CONGRESSWOMAN
>>> YOUR HEARD CONGRESSWOMAN JACKIE SPEIER JUST SAY LIVE HERE
JACKIE SPEIER JUST SAY LIVE HERE ON THE SHOW THAT ONE OF THE
ON THE SHOW THAT ONE OF THE POTENTIAL CRIMINAL THE OVERSIGHT
POTENTIAL CRIMINAL THE OVERSIGHT MAY FEEL COMPELLED TO OVERSEE IS
MAY FEEL COMPELLED TO OVERSEE IS THE POSSIBILITY OF TAX EVASION.
THE POSSIBILITY OF TAX EVASION. WELL, IF THEY WERE GOING TO LOOK
WELL, IF THEY WERE GOING TO LOOK AT POTENTIAL TAX EVASION, WHAT
AT POTENTIAL TAX EVASION, WHAT WOULD THEY NEED TO LOOK AT IN
WOULD THEY NEED TO LOOK AT IN ORDER TO LOOK FOR POTENTIAL TAX
ORDER TO LOOK FOR POTENTIAL TAX EVASION?
EVASION? HMM.
HMM. THAT BRINGS ME TO THIS SORT OF
THAT BRINGS ME TO THIS SORT OF INCREDIBLE MOMENT FROM TODAY’S
INCREDIBLE MOMENT FROM TODAY’S HEARING, WHERE CALIFORNIA
HEARING, WHERE CALIFORNIA DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN JIMMY
DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN JIMMY GOMEZ ELICITED THIS BRAND-NEW,
GOMEZ ELICITED THIS BRAND-NEW, BRAND-NEW, BRAND-NEW EXPLANATION
BRAND-NEW, BRAND-NEW EXPLANATION IS FOR WHY PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS
IS FOR WHY PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS REFUSED TO THIS DAY TO RELEASE
REFUSED TO THIS DAY TO RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS.
HIS TAX RETURNS. >> MR. COHEN, I’M GOING TACKLE
>> MR. COHEN, I’M GOING TACKLE THE PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS.
THE PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS. DURING THE 2016 CAMPAIGN, YOU
DURING THE 2016 CAMPAIGN, YOU SAID YOU PERSONALLY WOULDN’T,
SAID YOU PERSONALLY WOULDN’T, QUOTE, ALLOW HIM TO RELEASE
QUOTE, ALLOW HIM TO RELEASE THOSE RETURNS UNTIL THE AUDITS
THOSE RETURNS UNTIL THE AUDITS ARE OVER, UNQUOTE.
ARE OVER, UNQUOTE. FOR THE RECORD, NOTHING PREVENTS
FOR THE RECORD, NOTHING PREVENTS INDIVIDUALS FROM SHARING THEIR
INDIVIDUALS FROM SHARING THEIR OWN TAX RETURNS, EVEN WHILE
OWN TAX RETURNS, EVEN WHILE UNDER AUDIT BY THE IRS.
UNDER AUDIT BY THE IRS. MR. COHEN, DO YOU KNOW WHETHER
MR. COHEN, DO YOU KNOW WHETHER PRESIDENT TRUMP’S TAX RETURNS
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S TAX RETURNS WERE REALLY UNDER AUDIT BY THE
WERE REALLY UNDER AUDIT BY THE IRS IN 2016?
IRS IN 2016? >> I DON’T KNOW THE ANSWER.
>> I DON’T KNOW THE ANSWER. I ASKED FOR A COPY OF THE AUDIT
I ASKED FOR A COPY OF THE AUDIT SO THAT I COULD USE IT IN TERMS
SO THAT I COULD USE IT IN TERMS OF MY STATEMENTS TO THE PRESS,
OF MY STATEMENTS TO THE PRESS, AND I WAS NEVER ABLE TO OBTAIN
AND I WAS NEVER ABLE TO OBTAIN ONE.
ONE. >> CAN YOU GIVE US ANY INSIGHT
>> CAN YOU GIVE US ANY INSIGHT INTO WHAT THE REAL REASON IS THE
INTO WHAT THE REAL REASON IS THE PRESIDENT HAS REFUSED TO RELEASE
PRESIDENT HAS REFUSED TO RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS?
HIS TAX RETURNS? >> STATEMENTS THAT HE SAID TO ME
>> STATEMENTS THAT HE SAID TO ME WAS THAT WHAT HE DIDN’T WANT WAS
WAS THAT WHAT HE DIDN’T WANT WAS TO HAVE AN ENTIRE GROUP OF THINK
TO HAVE AN ENTIRE GROUP OF THINK TANKS THAT ARE TAX EXPERTS RUN
TANKS THAT ARE TAX EXPERTS RUN THROUGH HIS TAX RETURN AND START
THROUGH HIS TAX RETURN AND START RIPPING IT TO PIECES AND THEN
RIPPING IT TO PIECES AND THEN HE’LL END UP IN AN AUDIT, AND
HE’LL END UP IN AN AUDIT, AND HE’LL ULTIMATELY HAVE TAXABLE
HE’LL ULTIMATELY HAVE TAXABLE CONSEQUENCES, PENALTIES, AND SO
CONSEQUENCES, PENALTIES, AND SO ON.
ON. >> SO THAT’S AN INTERESTING
>> SO THAT’S AN INTERESTING POINT.
POINT. THAT BASICALLY SAID HE DIDN’T
THAT BASICALLY SAID HE DIDN’T WANT TO RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS
WANT TO RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS BECAUSE HE MIGHT END UP IN AN
BECAUSE HE MIGHT END UP IN AN AUDIT.
AUDIT. SO COULD YOU PRESUME FROM THAT
SO COULD YOU PRESUME FROM THAT STATEMENT THAT HE WASN’T UNDER
STATEMENT THAT HE WASN’T UNDER AUDIT?
AUDIT? >> I PRESUME THAT HE IS NOT
>> I PRESUME THAT HE IS NOT UNDER AUDIT.
UNDER AUDIT. >> OH.
>> OH. I THOUGHT THE REASON THE
I THOUGHT THE REASON THE PRESIDENT CAN’T RELEASE HIS TAX
PRESIDENT CAN’T RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS IS BECAUSE HE’S UNDER
RETURNS IS BECAUSE HE’S UNDER AUDIT.
AUDIT. BACK WITH US NOW, JOYCE VANCE,
BACK WITH US NOW, JOYCE VANCE, FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY FROM
FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY FROM ALABAMA.
ALABAMA. JOYCE, IS THAT KIND OF A RED
JOYCE, IS THAT KIND OF A RED FLAG TO PROSECUTORS?
FLAG TO PROSECUTORS? TO A LAYPERSON, THAT SEEMS LIKE
TO A LAYPERSON, THAT SEEMS LIKE A RED FLAG, SOMEONE SAYING I
A RED FLAG, SOMEONE SAYING I CAN’T SHOW YOU MY TAX RETURNS
CAN’T SHOW YOU MY TAX RETURNS BECAUSE I’M UNDER AUDIT.
BECAUSE I’M UNDER AUDIT. AND NOW HERE IS HIS FORMER
AND NOW HERE IS HIS FORMER PERSONAL LAWYER SAYING NO, I
PERSONAL LAWYER SAYING NO, I DON’T THINK HE IS UNDER AUDIT.
DON’T THINK HE IS UNDER AUDIT. IN FACT, I THINK HE WAS AFRAID
IN FACT, I THINK HE WAS AFRAID OF GETTING AUDITED IF ANYBODY
OF GETTING AUDITED IF ANYBODY DID SEE HIS TAX RETURNS.
DID SEE HIS TAX RETURNS. TO ME THAT SEEMS LIKE A RED
TO ME THAT SEEMS LIKE A RED FLAG.
FLAG. >> IT’S A PRETTY BIG RED FLAG,
>> IT’S A PRETTY BIG RED FLAG, RIGHT?
RIGHT? WHY WOULD YOU LIE ABOUT IT
WHY WOULD YOU LIE ABOUT IT UNLESS YOU HAD SOMETHING TO
UNLESS YOU HAD SOMETHING TO CONCEAL?
CONCEAL? >> IN TERMS OF THE
>> IN TERMS OF THE SUSCEPTIBILITY OF THE
SUSCEPTIBILITY OF THE PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS TO
PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS TO REVIEW, WHICH I THINK IS THE
REVIEW, WHICH I THINK IS THE RIGHT WAY TO SAY THAT, WE ARE
RIGHT WAY TO SAY THAT, WE ARE HEARING FROM MEMBERS OF CONGRESS
HEARING FROM MEMBERS OF CONGRESS THAT THERE ARE THINGS IN HIS TAX
THAT THERE ARE THINGS IN HIS TAX RETURNS THAT THEY ARE GOING TO
RETURNS THAT THEY ARE GOING TO WANT THE LOOK AT IN ORDER TO
WANT THE LOOK AT IN ORDER TO CORROBORATE SOME OF THESE
CORROBORATE SOME OF THESE SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS FROM MR.
SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS FROM MR. COHEN TODAY.
COHEN TODAY. WOULD SOMETHING -- IF THE
WOULD SOMETHING -- IF THE PRESIDENT HAS TOLD LIES ABOUT
PRESIDENT HAS TOLD LIES ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT HE IS BEING
WHETHER OR NOT HE IS BEING AUDITED OR WHY ELSE HE MIGHT NOT
AUDITED OR WHY ELSE HE MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO MAKE THOSE AVAILABLE,
BE ABLE TO MAKE THOSE AVAILABLE, WOULD THAT ADD TO THE CASE
WOULD THAT ADD TO THE CASE ESSENTIALLY FOR THEM BEING MADE
ESSENTIALLY FOR THEM BEING MADE PUBLIC OR BEING MADE AVAILABLE
PUBLIC OR BEING MADE AVAILABLE TO CONGRESS?
TO CONGRESS? >> I THINK THERE IS A CASE AS IS
>> I THINK THERE IS A CASE AS IS FOR THEM TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO
FOR THEM TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. CONGRESS ESTABLISHED TODAY IN
CONGRESS ESTABLISHED TODAY IN THIS HEARING WITH REPRESENTATIVE
THIS HEARING WITH REPRESENTATIVE GOMEZ, WITH AOC LATER ON IN THE
GOMEZ, WITH AOC LATER ON IN THE HEARING THAT THEY NEEDED TO LOOK
HEARING THAT THEY NEEDED TO LOOK AT THE TAXES IN ORDER TO ENGAGE
AT THE TAXES IN ORDER TO ENGAGE IN THEIR OVERSIGHT FUNCTION.
IN THEIR OVERSIGHT FUNCTION. AND FRANKLY, I THINK WE ALL HAVE
AND FRANKLY, I THINK WE ALL HAVE A COMMON SENSE UNDERSTANDING OF
A COMMON SENSE UNDERSTANDING OF THAT AT THIS POINT, THAT THE
THAT AT THIS POINT, THAT THE PRESIDENT LIED ABOUT BEING UNDER
PRESIDENT LIED ABOUT BEING UNDER AUDIT AS AN EXCUSE FOR NOT
AUDIT AS AN EXCUSE FOR NOT RELEASING HIS TAXES, THOUGH, AS
RELEASING HIS TAXES, THOUGH, AS YOU SAY IS A HUGE RED FLAG THAT
YOU SAY IS A HUGE RED FLAG THAT THERE IS SOMETHING DEEPLY WRONG
THERE IS SOMETHING DEEPLY WRONG IN THERE.
IN THERE. >> YOU MENTIONED THE QUESTIONING
>> YOU MENTIONED THE QUESTIONING BY CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA
BY CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ.
OCASIO-CORTEZ. SHE ELICITED SOMETHING ABOUT
SHE ELICITED SOMETHING ABOUT ALLEGED CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR BY THE
ALLEGED CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR BY THE PRESIDENT’S BUSINESS THAT WAS
PRESIDENT’S BUSINESS THAT WAS BLUNT AND STARK TODAY.
BLUNT AND STARK TODAY. I WANT TO GET YOUR TAKE ON THAT,